[HTTP CLIENT] Add RequestEvent once a request is send (#49)
mtarld/api-platform-ms-bundle: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

> * Added the `RequestEvent` dispatched once a request is send

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added dispatching of a `RequestEvent` once a request is sent
```
